gh-149101: Implement PEP 788 (#149116)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.15.rst

``abi3t`` by setting the macro :c:macro:`!Py_TARGET_ABI3T` as discussed
in :ref:`abi3-compiling`.

.. _whatsnew315-c-api-interpreter-finalization:

:pep:`788`: Protecting the C API from interpreter finalization
--------------------------------------------------------------

In the C API, :term:`interpreter finalization <interpreter shutdown>` can be
problematic for many extensions, because :term:`attaching <attached thread
state>` a thread state will permanently hang the thread, resulting in deadlocks
and other spurious issues. Additionally, it has historically been impossible

> to atomically check whether an interpreter is alive, leading to crashes

Reviewer: Pedantic nit:
```suggestion
to safely check whether an interpreter is alive before using it, leading to crashes
```

``abi3t`` by setting the macro :c:macro:`!Py_TARGET_ABI3T` as discussed
in :ref:`abi3-compiling`.

.. _whatsnew315-c-api-interpreter-finalization:

:pep:`788`: Protecting the C API from interpreter finalization
--------------------------------------------------------------

In the C API, :term:`interpreter finalization <interpreter shutdown>` can be
problematic for many extensions, because :term:`attaching <attached thread
state>` a thread state will permanently hang the thread, resulting in deadlocks
and other spurious issues. Additionally, it has historically been impossible
to safely check whether an interpreter is alive before using it, leading to crashes
when a thread concurrently deletes an interpreter while another thread is
trying to attach to it.

There are now several new suites of APIs to circumvent these problems:

* :ref:`Interpreter guards <interpreter-views>`, which prevent an interpreter
  from finalizing.
* :ref:`Interpreter views <interpreter-guards>`, which allow thread-safe access

>   to an interpreter that may be concurrently finalizing or deleted.

Reviewer 2: These links (Interpreter guards / views) are swapped (found by Claude)
